Friday November 17
I made great progress today on Redux + Typescript

Monday November 13, 2017
Finished 323! Didn't implement -prune, but am passing most other public tests. HW4 for AI is really difficult; it's essentially a Stanford 231n problem set (well, it IS the Stanford 231n pset), just without the stellar lectures and accompanying course material of the Stanford original. Classic Yale CS.

I have a CogScie paper due on Wednesday that I haven't started, due to these two horrific problem sets. I think it's pretty clear that I don't want to stay that technical for long. This is a great foundation to build, but I want to stay away from too much engineering moving forward.

I think the psychological theory regarding learning, difficult (that famous curve) is pretty accurate. These courses are a tad bit too difficult for me, as I don't have most of the pre-requisites for these courses. But, it's a good lesson in persistence.

Friday November 10, 2017
Still haven't finished this fucking bug. I'm bored out of my fucking mind, this is really difficult and I just don't fucking care about this pset. Here's what it is: I can't work on something I don't fucking care about. I am not invigorated by the challenge of this problem set. It's not a problem or a set of material that interests me in the slightest. I don't give a shit about compression algorithms, about computer architecture, about Hamming codes, Tries, trees, hash tables, or really any of the god damn material I've learned in this major. Like, I really couldn't give a flying fuck. And I guess that's showed in my GPA. Once I graduate with this fucking degree I don't want to have anything to do with CS ever again. I like programming, I like building things, I'm a kick ass front end dev, I use vim, I have an entire CI/CD DevOps pipeline set up on AWS for my personal project, but I FUCKING HATE CS.

In many ways this is a massive relief. It means I can stop applying to Software Engineering jobs. It means I can rule out an entire swathe of roles that everyone else seems to covet so highly. It means I'm not on the Google Facebook bandwagon, and don't need to feel shitty about the fact that I cannot get a software engineering job there. Why? Because it is fundamentally not a good fit. It means I can stop basing my self worth upon this perceived standard for success.

I still really love technology, and really enjoy programming. I like making things, widgets, tools. I like writing bash scripts, setting up cloud infra. All of this cool stuff.

"Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck."


Thursday November 9, 2017
My eyes are glazing over as I'm scrolling through this clusterfuck of a problem set.

I'm in the depths of LZW right now. this is absolute hell. I don't know how to fix this fucking binary bug, and honestly, don't give a shit. Sometimes I wonder why I chose to finish this fucking major. I'm one class away, that's it. c'mon, let's pull through. One thing's pretty fucking clear: I do NOT want to be a software engineer.

I want to be in a job where I'm interacting with people. More bigger picture.

I've hated every fucking moment of this major. Isn't that funny? Never for a single moment felt I belonged. Always in the bottom quartile of the class. I love building things, but I abso-fucking-lutely hate CS.


